Add CHANGELOG for v0.27 (#173)
turbot/steampipe-mod-azure-compliance: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.27 [2023-07-21]

_Enhancements_

> - Added query `storage_account_table_service_logging_enabled` for `cis_v200_3_14` control. ([#170](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-azure-compliance/pull/170)) (Thanks [@KingBrewer ](https://github.com/KingBrewer ) for the contribution!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added query `storage_account_table_service_logging_enabled` for `cis_v200_3_14` control. ([#170](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-azure-compliance/pull/170)) (Thanks [@KingBrewer](https://github.com/KingBrewer) for the contribution!)
```

_Bug fixes_

> - Fixed `postgres_db_server_allow_access_to_azure_services_disabled` and `sql_database_allow_internet_access` queries to correctly check for `startIpAddress` and `endIpAddress` of firewall rules. ([#170](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-azure-compliance/pull/170)) ([#172](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-azure-compliance/pull/172)) (Thanks to [@KingBrewer ](https://github.com/KingBrewer ) for the quick fix!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `postgres_db_server_allow_access_to_azure_services_disabled` and `sql_database_allow_internet_access` queries to correctly check for `startIpAddress` and `endIpAddress` parameters of firewall rules as per CIS documentation. ([#170](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-azure-compliance/pull/170)) ([#172](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-azure-compliance/pull/172)) (Thanks [@KingBrewer](https://github.com/KingBrewer) for the contribution!)
```
